Israeli forces have arrested dozens of
Palestinians in janed in the occupied
West Bank residents say soldiers have
been spotted on the ground patrolling
parts of Janine City on foot people have
reportedly heard explosions and drone
strikes soldiers stormed the refugee
camp there using armored vehicles and
bulldozers and they've also blocked the
entrances to several hospitals
preventing the wounded from getting
treated wamda salute joins us live now
from occupied East jeruslem Ham said the
Israeli Army has been carrying out more
raids and Patrols in Janine what more
can you tell us
that's right Darren the Israeli Army
launching this really large scale
military operation in the occupied West
Bank City of Janine they came in in
masses more than 50 armored vehicles
additionally locals are saying that
hundreds of troops are on the ground but
what we've also been hearing is that a
lot of the hospitals in Janine three
main ones particular
have been closed off the Israeli Army
has set up checkpoints around the city's
entrances so no one is allowed in now
we're also hearing that there are still
heavy exchanges of fire going on between
Palestinian Fighters and Israeli forces
places like Janine are used to
unfortunately these types of Israeli
military operations over the last couple
of years as the Israelis are hoping to
crack down on armed Palestinian in
resistance groups in places along the
occupied West Bank let's listen now to a
doctor who has been trapped in one of
those hospitals for several
hours it has been already 2 and 1 half
hours that we are trapped in our
hospital here in Janine while the
Israeli forces are operating in another
incursion in Janine Camp there is no way
for any of the injured patients to reach
the hospital and there's no way for us
to reach these people there's nothing
worse for a doctor to know that there
are people there needing our care and
they cannot get it well it's past 5:00
a.m. local time and this raid is still
ongoing the Palestinian red crescent has
reported that the Israeli military has
prevented their ambulances from reaching
the injured and have even stopped one
ambulance for around 40 minutes and
arrested an injured Palestinian who was
inside of it who was shot in the leg so
far since October 7th we're looking at
more than
3,290 Palestinians who've been arrested
in the occupied West Bank since the war
has begun now this raid is continuing
and it doesn't seem like there are any
signs of letting up as Palestinians on
the ground say that several homes are
surrounded as Israeli forces are making
dozens of arrests Darren to hamda salute
live for us there in occupied East
jerusalen hamda thank you